Anaconda was founded by Marcus Daly, one of the Copper Kings, who financed the construction of a smelter on nearby Warm Springs Creek to process copper ore from the Butte mines.
Anaconda, county seat of Anaconda-Deer Lodge County, which has a consolidated city-county government, is located in southwestern Montana of the United States. 
The Anaconda Plan is the name applied to an outline strategy for suppressing the Confederacy at the beginning of the American Civil War.
Because the blockade would be rather passive, it was widely derided by the vociferous faction who wanted a more vigorous prosecution of the war, and who likened it to the coils of an anaconda suffocating its victim.
Consequently, the Anaconda has been somewhat rehabilitated, and general histories of the Civil War often credit it with guiding President Abraham Lincoln's strategy throughout.
Anaconda is a 1997 adventure-horror film, directed by Luis Llosa, starring Jennifer Lopez, Ice Cube, Jon Voight, and Eric Stoltz.
The film was followed by three sequels, Anacondas: The Hunt for the Blood Orchid in 2004, which was released to theaters and two made-for-television films, Anaconda 3: Offspring (2008) and Anacondas: Trail of Blood (2009) and the crossover film with the Lake Placid franchise, Lake Placid vs. Anaconda (2015).
Anaconda (Blanche Sitznski) is a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. 
Sitznski was given her super human abilities by the Roxxon corporation, dubbing her Anaconda due to her powerful, adamantium enhanced arms she uses to constrain or crush her opponents with.
Anaconda was created by Mark Gruenwald and Ralph Macchio and first appeared in Marvel Two-in-One #64 in June 1980.
Anaconda freed herself and her teammates from their underwater captivity using her brute strength, and they were sent on another mission—this time, to search for a powerful weapon known as the Micro-Scanner.
Anaconda has the superhuman ability to elongate her limbs and constrict her opponents.
